Well, we are finally trying this
We already wanted to get your hands on the plane
this car
to prove it the pressure that we are
testing is probably the one
a group in most of the sales
in a gasoline engine that is 1.2
tsi of 105 horses
it is a motor that gives a push
far greater than the one that declares its
power and we liked it very much moving
the body of an altea xl
this surprised us at the level of
benefits but is that in this lion goes
better
it is the only fault that we did not like is
the sound level of the engine sounds the
excess for our taste
and even in the acceleration phase it seems
more a diesel engine than an engine
gasoline
this unit that we are testing has
some disparity of the equipment by
example we have a flyer that is
plastic but then we have air conditioner
bizona heating on the seats a
multimedia system with color screen
Bluetooth bluetooth audio touch in order
a series of characteristics
we seemed worthy of review not
we would have liked that in this unit
there would be a leather steering wheel or so
unless we were out of plastic yet
we have to say that gloves
plastic although it has a ring a
little thin for our taste is right
and it has a nice touch
the finish of the seat leon good
We believe that it has greatly improved the
previous lion
the most colorful plastics are in the
parts
top of the dashboard in the console
in the door panels in the
top the least showy are
as in all vehicles on the part
lower
but it's a pretty nice car
the seats as you can see have the
jumps just enough to hold
well the body as it is normal be of
high back seats
the headrests are fine although I
I wear it more regulated they look good to the
height of the head
correct
and ergonomics was well studied
in this car there are many controls that we
remind other models of brands
light football
buttons for the control of environments
of the doors
we have for example to open the flow
Roulette air are rubber that is a
quality detail all the controls that
they are around the column of
address are all vehicles that
we can find for much more money
place the lyon benefits from some
way of an economy of scale
good in other vehicles because we pay
much more for those systems and that's why
when we have them
we have to review
audio equipment lion '
incredibly good
but so amazing that we've been
looking for the bass drawer because the
serious were spectacular much better
that many cars that carried their lights
a very high grade is very positive for
to be doing
an effort to equip their cars with
a quality audio system in a
car that good
but he's going to bring young people and what
You will want
with enough quality
dynamically it is a car
despite having an axis
back twist
and even though it's good that people
can think of a torsion shaft
is a decrease in dynamic capacity
of the concept
it would not be all
we carry tires on the green axle
michelín
look more
[Music]
the economy that the grip and still
it's not surprising how good this musician is
today that as you can see in his servant his
wicked the wallet is very wet
the car goes like rails
at normal speeds
but it is a car that is very good
I really like the address is
greatly improving the direction is
Electric Manufacturers
be started to find
between the rise of 5
with the explanation
and that needs
the design as you can see change
radically it has more angular shapes
inheriting a little the image of the ibe
concept
it is very strong it is true
very attractive people look at it very
many times
designed look to be read it
not that the car is liking
good as we said before the engine
it's an engine that's hard to believe that this
1200 engine
public
and four cylinders before so much
but it has a lot of 2000 3000
and how low they pull to be an engine
gasoline
and this has a lot to see projection
direct
with how this engine
managed with world
but it is an engine
and the speed that I go but
it reaches it very quickly
we had to look at the technical sheet
to check that he had made a mistake
by putting me 1.26 because we thought that
it was 1400 percent
and then with the consumption
really content
we are measuring
to live rhythm a consumption of 6,300
we forget that it has 1200 euros is a
305 horsepower engine that moves
a mass
of around 1300 themselves
it is a well
very good for
for we have to take
but we did a 200 km journey
at an economic pace
we were in 5 with
The best thing about this lion is the best
engine that is not dry
his behavior
and the general quality
the touch the touch of
so much with insurance